add subdaily granularity (#5882)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

\* The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability.

## August 2024

> - **New**: You can configure metrics at granularities at finer time grains, such as hourly, minute, or even by the second. This is particularly useful for more detailed analysis and for datasets where high-resolution time data is required, such as minute-by-minute event tracking. Refer to [sub-daily granularity](/docs/build/granularity) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: You can now configure metrics at granularities at finer time grains, such as hour, minute, or even by the second. This is particularly useful for more detailed analysis and for datasets where high-resolution time data is required, such as minute-by-minute event tracking. Refer to [sub-daily granularity](/docs/build/granularity) for more info.
```

> - **New**: You can now configure metrics at granularities at finer time grains, such as hour, minute, or even by the second. This is particularly useful for more detailed analysis and for datasets where high-resolution time data is required, such as minute-by-minute event tracking. Refer to [sub-daily granularity](/docs/build/granularity) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: You can now configure metrics at granularities at finer time grains, such as hour, minute, or even by the second. This is particularly useful for more detailed analysis and for datasets where high-resolution time data is required, such as minute-by-minute event tracking. Refer to [dimensions](/docs/build/dimensions) for more information about time granularity.
```

> - **New**: You can configure metrics at granularities at finer time grains, such as hourly, minute, or even by the second. This is particularly useful for more detailed analysis and for datasets where high-resolution time data is required, such as minute-by-minute event tracking. Refer to [sub-daily granularity](/docs/build/sub-daily-granularity) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: You can configure metrics at granularities at finer time grains, such as hourly, minute, or even by the second. This is particularly useful for more detailed analysis and for datasets where high-resolution time data is required, such as minute-by-minute event tracking. Refer to [sub-daily granularity](/docs/build/granularity) for more info.
```
